README.md, before:

# CBEP Graphics Package

<img
    src="https://www.cascobayestuary.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/logo_sm.jpg"
    style="position:absolute;top:10px;right:10px;" />

Simple R Package for a consistent graphic look for CBEP 2020 State of the Bay

This is a lightweight package to set up and support Casco Bay Estuary Partnership
(CBEP) technical graphic standards for the 2020 State of the Bay (SotB).

Functions included in this package can be called in R Notebooks
generating draft graphics for transmittal to the SotB designer.
Editing specifications in this package will affect the look of
all (or almost all) State of the Bay technical graphics generated after any
changes are made.

The workhorse functions include:

    cbep_colors()
    cbep_colors2()
    load_cbep_fonts()
    theme_cbep()
    set_cbep_default_theme()
    
## Colors
The two color functions return a vector of six colors (as hex strings) that
relate well to CBEP design standards.  They differ only in the order in which
the colors are presented.  The first function presents them so that sequential
colors contrast strongly. The second lists colors ordered from darkest to
lightest.  The results of calling these functions (e.g., cbep_colors(), not
"cbep_colors") can be passed to many geoms (as a mapping) or to color and
fill scales as is. Alternatively, specific colors can be pased to a geom as a 
formal parameter by indexing. 

## Fonts
The font function checks to see if necessary fonts are loaded into the R font
database and installs and loads them as necessary.  This function depends on the
extrafont package.

> Winston Chang, (2014). extrafont: Tools for using fonts. R package version 0.17.
> https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=extrafont


## Themes
The theme functions create a theme for use with ggplot graphics.  The theme is
based on theme_tufte()from the ggthemes package.  The theme_tufte() is
modified to use the CBEP preferred font (Montserrat, at this writing), and
increase the size of the base font slightly.

The first theme function just defines the theme, and can be used as a drop-in
for any other ggplot theme.  The second function establishes that theme as the
ggplot default theme, so you don't have to specify that for each graphic in a
script for markdown file.

These two functions requires both ggplot2 and ggthemes to be available.

> H. Wickham. ggplot2: Elegant Graphics for Data Analysis.
> Springer-Verlag New York, 2016.

>  Jeffrey B. Arnold (2019). ggthemes: Extra Themes, Scales and Geoms for
>  'ggplot2'. R package version 4.2.0.
>  https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=ggthemes

Commit message:

Gently revise README.md for up to date naming of the State of Casco Bay Report

README.md, after:

# CBEP Graphics Package

<img
    src="https://www.cascobayestuary.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/logo_sm.jpg"
    style="position:absolute;top:10px;right:10px;" />

Simple R Package for a consistent graphic look for CBEP 2020-2021 State of Casco 
Bay Report

This is a lightweight package to set up and support Casco Bay Estuary Partnership
(CBEP) technical graphic standards for the 2020-2021 State of Casco Bay (SoCB).

Functions included in this package can be called in R Notebooks
generating draft graphics for transmittal to the SoCB designer.
Editing specifications in this package will affect the look of
all (or almost all) State of the Bay technical graphics generated after any
changes are made.

The workhorse functions include:

    cbep_colors()
    cbep_colors2()
    load_cbep_fonts()
    theme_cbep()
    set_cbep_default_theme()
    
## Colors
The two color functions return a vector of six colors (as hex strings) that
relate well to CBEP design standards.  They differ only in the order in which
the colors are presented.  The first function presents them so that sequential
colors contrast strongly. The second lists colors ordered from darkest to
lightest.  The results of calling these functions (e.g., `cbep_colors()`, not
`cbep_colors`) can be passed to many geoms (as a mapping) or to color and
fill scales as is. Alternatively, specific colors can be passed to a geom as a 
formal parameter by indexing. 

## Fonts
The font function checks to see if necessary fonts are loaded into the R font
database and installs and loads them as necessary.  The primary font used in 
graphics in SoCB is Montserrat.  This function depends on the `extrafont` 
package.  

> Winston Chang, (2014). extrafont: Tools for using fonts. R package version 0.17.
> https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=extrafont

A small warning -- R integration with fonts is a bit tricky.

## Themes
The theme functions create a theme for use with ggplot graphics.  The theme is
based on `theme_tufte()` from the `ggthemes` package.  The `theme_tufte()` is
modified to use the CBEP preferred font (Montserrat, at this writing), and
increase the size of the base font slightly.

The first theme function just defines the theme, and can be used as a drop-in
for any other ggplot theme.  The second function establishes that theme as the
ggplot default theme, so you don't have to specify that for each graphic in a
script for markdown file.

These two functions requires both `ggplot2` and `ggthemes` to be available.

> H. Wickham. ggplot2: Elegant Graphics for Data Analysis.
> Springer-Verlag New York, 2016.

>  Jeffrey B. Arnold (2019). ggthemes: Extra Themes, Scales and Geoms for
>  'ggplot2'. R package version 4.2.0.
>  https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=ggthemes
